Is something wrong?
(You only love one. Bok Nam.)
Are you going to work tomorrow?
Pardon?
Of course. I should go work.
I'm new, so I should go early.
What happens if you don't go?
If I don't go? I'd probably get fired.
Why do you ask?
Would you be able to take Kitty...
to the vet tomorrow?
Tomorrow?
- Okay. I'll go early afternoon. - No.
In the morning.
I would appreciate it if you go in the morning.
Okay. I'll do that.
He didn't want me to when I offered.
What is it now?
How can a liberal arts major like myself understand...
the workings of a natural sciences' brain?
Can you switch shifts with me tomorrow?
"You only love one."
It doesn't make any sense.
He must have been a bad student.
Is he copying a drama?
Hello, Bo Mi.
I'm sorry to call you so late.
Out of the complaints list, there's Yeon Bok Nam.
The complaint was stalking.
When and where did the complaint come from?
I sent you the vet's address through a text.
It's Kitty's regular vet,
so she'll be used to it.
Okay.
I should be done by lunch, right?
- I'll tell you what happened after. - No.
Depending on her condition, there could be additional tests.
Please take care of her.
Please pay for the bill and transportation with this.
You should take a taxi.
It's okay. There is a bus that goes straight there.
No...
It's not okay for Kitty.
She's never been anywhere that's crowded.
How many tests do you think she'll need?
I heard that some vets force you to do more things...
to make you pay more.
Please let her do it all.
Whatever the vet asks.
You can pay all at once.
Okay.
Take care of yourself today.
I'll be going then.
No, but I don't want to do something wrong now.
If we spend more time together, I might sleep with you.
- What? - Oh, and...
the room number wasn't 303. It was 304.
Our room, I mean.
- Good morning! - Hello.
- Hello! - Hello!
- Hello. - Wow!
- Mr. Ma. - Bo Mi.
Breathe in the fresh morning air!
It's no time to be filming "500 Days of Summer" here.
- Let's go to the office. - Why?
- Hello. - Good morning.
(Complaint list)
(Come to YOLO Cafe, 24. Complaint: Stalking)
Have you contacted the person that reported him?
Yes. They were chatting through our chat room...
when they exchanged numbers and got closer.
When she stopped calling, he started to call her like crazy.
When she blocked him, he called her office.
If this is true, then it's serious.
Some people make fake reports.
We should double check that this is true.
Can we get the blacklist from the other app?
You can probably ask Won Seok to get it for you.
Okay.
Bo Mi, will you come with me?
He's reliable, right?
- Pardon? - I'm talking about Se Hee.
He's the manly type.
Well...
If I were to put him in a category, I wouldn't put him there.
It's okay to boast in front of us.
Everyone in this hospital knows that Se Hee is a tough guy.
A tough guy?
When he brought Kitty here for the first time,
he was so mad.
The nurses gave him that nickname. Tough Guy.
He got mad? Se Hee?
Didn't you know?
Kitty was doing bad then.
I told him he should prepare himself for the worst,
then he slammed his fist right here and got very upset.
He told me I was irresponsible.
It didn't matter how much. He wanted me to save Kitty.
He wasn't even the owner then.
No. Someone threw her out.
She was about to die on the streets when Se Hee ran here...
with Kitty in his arms in the middle of the night.
You married a good man.
There's no bad guy that likes animals.
- Right? - Sure.
The problem is that you only care about animals.
You shouldn't believe things they say before marriage,
right?
I didn't know you two were married.
Welcome.
It's not lunchtime yet. You're early.
Yes. I came to get snacks.
We have a new menu today.
- You should taste it. - Okay.
Hello.
Ji Ho said that she'll be late today.
Yes, I know.
Try some of this.
Wow. Pack me five of these.
Okay.
You must be low on sugar this morning.
Is your boss slaving you?
He's always slaving me.
Your bag must be heavy.
You have a lot of tools.
It's essential for those riding motorcycles.
You need it when you work.
What kind of work?
I fix the motorcycle...
and women's hearts.
You can pay here.
It's 26 dollars.
Signature, please.
Your signature changed.
It's my first time signing.
I paid with cash last time.
Really?
I must have confused you with someone else.
Do you want to try that too?
Tough Guy?
He ran with Kitty?
My landlord?
The neocortex?
No way. Come on.
- What's this? - Ji Ho.
What is this? Didn't you go to work?
I had an errand to run. I'm going to work now.
What about you? Where are you going?
Where do you think? To your cafe!
Ta-da. Bok Nam gave us so many coupons. We should use it.
Aren't you busy? What about work?
I have an offsite meeting today,
so I'm free until the afternoon.
I'm off today.
Let's go in.
Maybe it's a fake report.
He looks too nice.
You look pretty ordinary from afar as well.
I checked how much that thing is, and it's really expensive.
Are you curious?
No, not really.
Why would I be curious about that?
Right. You wouldn't be interested in such a thing.
Well, if you researched it, I'll let you tell me.
How much is it?
Hey! It's Se Hee!
Hey, who is that woman beside him?
You're right. Who is she?
That's an excellent motorcycle.
I've only seen it displayed. Someone actually rides it?
That's Bok Nam's.
Really? That's Bok Nam's?
It would cost as much as a car.
Really?
Isn't it crazy?
No. It's not as much as I anticipated.
Shall we go back?
We were out for too long.
Se Hee, be careful.
That mirror will cost you a week's worth of overtime.
It probably costs more.
Be careful...
until 2048. You might have to pay for it along with your mortgage.
You're exaggerating.
How can you compare a house and a mirror?
How much would such a small mirror cost?
No, my motorcycle!
Se Hee.
Ji Ho. What do we do about your husband?
(Episode 6: Because This Is My First Husband)
What is that? Did someone poop?
- Ouch. - Gosh! You surprised me.
I'm sorry.
Were you sleeping there? I'm sorry.
- I'm sorry. - Sang Goo.
Hey, Won Seok.
What brings you here?
There's nowhere to sit here.
I should have visited earlier. I'm sorry.
You should put this in your office.
It's a plant that purifies the air.
It's the best for people that never ventilate.
- Thank you. - Gosh.
Let's see...
Byung Tae, where should I put this?
Byung Tae.
Sang Hoon, where should I put this?
There's no space for anything other than food in here.
Why don't you just hold it yourself?
I see.
- Let's go out and talk. - Shall we?
Sorry for bothering you.
- Here. - Thanks.
What's up with the mood in your office?
Sang Hoon is about to get dumped by his girlfriend.
The scary-looking punk on the sofa back there.
That's why he looked so sensitive.
Isn't it too petty for young people to be obsessed with relationships?
I mean, it's common to date someone and break up in their age.
His girlfriend's parents told him to break up with her...
if he was going to continue developing the app.
They won't allow the marriage if he can't get a job within this year.
I see.
I'm struggling too.
Everything's so hard.
My work and my love life too.
I'm being forced to be celibate at the moment.
- Ho Rang doesn't want to do it. - Do what?
What? Why?
She feels unsafe to sleep with a man who has no intention of marriage.
If I want to do it... Gosh, it's humiliating.
She wants me to wear two condoms.
It's not like socks. How could you wear two...
What should you do?
I'm seriously thinking of marrying her.
You must be struggling so much.
This isn't just a simple crisis.
My job offer is still valid, so call me if you want to join.
- Okay? - Thank you.
Can you show me the picture of that guy you talked about?
It's him. Can you find out...
if he's on blacklists of other dating applications?
I'll look into it.
What are you going to do by the way?
I heard he works with Ji Ho.
Exactly.
If he was just on our blacklist, I could simply kick him out.
But Ji Ho is involved in this. That's what's making me worried.
He works with Ji Ho, so I can't act rashly.
It's fortunate that her husband is related.
He's the ace in the field too.
Right, we've got Se Hee.
He's realistic and meticulous. I bet he won't bleed even if he gets hurt.
I stitched it up more than I thought.
Don't let water near it and come again after a week.
Okay.
You said you rolled on the ground, right? How did it happen?
Who's his guardian?
It's me.
- Because of a bike... - It happened while he drove a bike?
Then we should do an X-ray scan on him.
I didn't know you ride a motorbike.
No wonder why your eyes are sharp.
No.
He didn't drive a bike.
- While trying to avoid it. - A running bike?
Shouldn't we go through a CT scan on him then?
That's...
It wasn't running.
So...
It happened while I tried to avoid a parked motorbike.
What? I mean, why...
Why?
Was it because that bike was very expensive?
Did you do it not to make any scratches on the bike?
You're silly.
It's not the case, right?
What kind of lunatic would sacrifice their life...
not to damage it? It'd never happen even if it was extremely expensive.
I'll see you after a week.
Se Hee is so athletic.
I know. How did he throw his body there?
He should be a professional diver.
A diver, my foot.
Ji Ho must be so ashamed.
Don't you think so?
- Well... - It wasn't that bad.
She must be. That rearview mirror wouldn't cost that much.
And he rolled on the ground to dodge it.
His wife's friends saw everything too.
I would've been too embarrassed if it were me.
Why are you in this car by the way? Shouldn't you go to your office?
I should.
But I couldn't get in that couple's car.
It would've been too awkward.
Can you turn left and drop me off at the intersection?
Sure, we're going the same direction.
No, we aren't.
Do you know much about a man named Bok Nam?
We just know him.
Why do you ask? Are you interested in him?
No way. She works in a dating app company,
so she should know better about her appearance level.
My level might be higher than yours.
You haven't done our level evaluation, have you?
I don't need to because I have a boyfriend.
And I believe only those who lack self-esteem do such stuff.
You have a boyfriend and self-esteem,
but you lack manners.
What?
She's so weird.
Thank you.
Does it not hurt?
No, I'm fine.
Why did you do it?
You wouldn't have been injured...
if you had touched that bike.
If I had, the bike would've been broken or fallen.
Still, it's better for the bike to be broken...
than a person to be injured.
Well, it's not a matter of right or wrong.
In the end, my treatment fee came out much cheaper...
than the repair fee.
Se Hee is such a manly man.
He got so mad and slammed this table.
The nurses call him Tough Guy.
Tough Guy, my foot.
Pardon?
Nothing.
Oh, right. They told me to come pick up the cat in the evening.
They still have checkups to go through.
I see.
Thank you.
Shall we go?
You're going back to the office, right?
Yes.
What about you, Ji Ho?
You're going to that cafe?
Yes.
I might really get fired if I don't show up.
I need to go.
Do you have anything to say to me?
About that cafe...
Go on.
Until when are you planning to work at that cafe?
Well, I'm planning to work there for the time being...
unless I get fired.
Why do you ask?
Well...
I'm wondering if it has to be that cafe.
There are many other cafes near our house.
What I mean is...
There are other cafes you can commute by foot.
I don't think it's necessary to go all the way there.
By any chance,
does it bother you?
Are you that uncomfortable to have your colleagues...
visit my workplace?
- No, that's... - Don't worry.
Like you asked, I'm avoiding possible situations...
in which we have to act like a married couple.
And I've been to all the cafes...
around our house.
I failed to get a job in those places.
There are not many part-time jobs which I can get...
in my current situation.
I was able to get a job in that cafe thanks to Bok Nam.
So it took me much time and effort...
to get that part-time work.
Please don't say it so easily.
I'll see you at home.
Bye.
Personally? You mean how I like you?
I always care about you, wonder what you're doing,
and I always miss you. I just don't like it.
I hate it when they play dirty with you.
She came back.
Ms. Woo, are you coming back from Techno Valley?
Yes. I also dropped by the headquarters of M company.
I see.
Take care.
- Did you see that? - What?
I don't think so.
It's not the first time I've seen it.
Do you want to bet?
Have you heard about Ms. Woo?
What about her?
Are you talking about the Golden Venture CEO hitting on her?
Really? How did it happen?
- Like this. - That's disgusting!
So what did Ms. Woo do?
I heard Ms. Woo didn't do anything.
But Mr. Ma of Gyeol Mal Ae had a go and swore at him.
Really? Why?
Maybe they have something going on.
Mr. Ma wouldn't have done that with any other reasons.
He was one of this major investors.
People are talking about Ms. Woo not wearing her bra...
while having meetings outside the office.
Maybe he fell for her because of that.
Really? Does she not wear a bra?
Is she an escort or what?
I didn't know she was like that.
I really liked Ms. Woo.
I'm so disappointed.
Why are you disappointed? Were you guys close to each other?
Wait for me!
(Mr. Ma)
Shorty?
What? Who are you calling me that?
Mr. Ma and the short man,
please move a bit towards the bride.
Do you have the document Mr. Ma asked?
- Come with me. - Okay.
Where is Sang Goo?
He's having an urgent meeting with his VIP guest.
You can talk to me.
VIP?
Please call me after work. Let's eat dinner together.
I'm at the cafe in front of your office.
[VIU Ver] E08 Because This is My First Life
"Because This is My First Husband"
-= Ruo Xi =-
You didn't have to come here now.
I told you I would wait until you finish work.
Why are you here?
Why am I here? You saw my message.
You are too stressed with your work today.
So I came here to treat you to nice dinner, Woo Soo Ji.
I have a lot of things to do today. I finish quite late tonight.
Do you know why it is good to be a CEO?
Even though I have a lot of work to do, I don't have to be...
in the office and nobody can say anything about it.
I'm really okay.
I can work here and wait.
I really mean it. I even brought my work here.
Look. Here's my laptop,
earphones, mouse,
and the flower.
As it's our 1st day of relationship, I bought just 1 flower.
You can expect more from now on.
You know, Ms. Woo...
That's her social life.
- Don't you think so? - Wait...
Mr. Ma, we need to talk.
We are talking now, aren't we?
Please take this.
Come with me.
- Why are you like this? - What?
What do you mean?
I said I want to treat you to dinner.
What's going on?
Exactly. Why do you want to buy me dinner?
You even came here without telling me anything.
I guess you are a bit cold when you are in a relationship.
I said I wanted to sleep with you. It didn't mean I wanted to date you.
Mr. Ma, are you 20 or something?
What?
I think you are misunderstanding the situation.
I was just fooling around with you...
because I wanted to sleep with someone.
I thought...
you were just like me too.
But you are so much more innocent than I thought. It's embarrassing.
Soo Ji.
You are unbelievably evil.
Yes, I am horrible.
That's why I can hold out this much in this field.
So...
stop getting in my way, Mr. Ma.
Woo Soo Ji!
What did you say?
"Stop getting in my way"?
Did I suggest anything more than...
having dinner together?
We are on the same page. We can get to know each other.
That's all I want.
You don't have to be this aggressive about it all.
Look.
I think you are confused your work with some university club activity.
Well, that doesn't matter even. If the relationship ends,
it always badly affects women.
People will blame the woman.
The woman will be the one leaving that community.
Why are you so twisted?
I think you don't know the world well.
Do you think the world has changed?
Everything is just the same.
If you really want to sleep with me,
quit your job and talk to me again.
I will date you then.
(YOLO Rider was reported.)
Was he reported here too?
Yes, he was.
They exchanged their numbers and messaged each other.
But when she blocked him, he was stalking her for ages.
He tried to call and message her loads and hacked into her accounts.
We got the same report about him.
It sounds similar to...
the rape incident that happened in Namgang station.
It's a similar behavior pattern.
I don't think so. He doesn't look like a criminal.
Hello? I hear I look like a model when I'm sitting like now.
They met through an online game.
He kept stalking her because he was upset that she blocked him.
He tracked down her SNS...
and found out where she was with one of the hashtags.
He's not arrested yet.
Is he not arrested yet?
No, that's what I heard.
My friend is working at the game company.
I heard Ji Ho's working with him.
Don't you need to tell her?
It's difficult for me to get a part-time job at the moment.
I could get my job at that cafe because Bok Nam helped me.
That job isn't something I got easily.
I hope you don't talk like it's nothing.
Even though I want to tell her, I have to confirm the facts first.
What if it's not true?
It won't be pleasant for anyone.
There's a risk that Ji Ho could lose her job.
This guy could lose his job too.
It's just a part-time job. She can quit it anytime.
That part-time job can be important to someone.
I can't be arrogant about it and ruin it for them.
I also don't want to take any responsibility of that.
Would you be able to...
ask your friend of that game company...
to find out more about Namgang Station Kidnap case?
I would also love to get the information of the suspect.
I will ask.
By the way, what happened to your forehead?
There was an accident.
It was willful negligence.
- Weak coffee for Ms. Oh. - Okay.
Here's your coffee.
It's your day off. Why are you by yourself today?
Where's Won Seok? Are you not going to meet him?
He's busy today.
Isn't it pretty?
This is for you. I bought some because they were on sale.
That's mine? For me?
Why? Is it not pretty?
Then how about this one?
No, that belongs to you. This one looks like Ji Ho's.
Is that so?
My gosh.
What nonsense is he saying?
I know.
Ji Ho must seem like an innocent type to men.
It's not that she seems like it. She is innocent.
White suits Ji Ho so well.
Especially in sleeveless shirts.
- Her shoulder line is pretty. - Hey.
What are you talking about? It's too cold for sleeveless shirts.
I know.
You talk as if you've seen her shoulder line.
You look better with the hair on the side.
When have you seen me put my hair on the side?
I've never done that in front of you.
I mean, I think you'd look good if you do that.
I don't have to see it in person. I can just tell because she's pretty.
The cake's on the house.
Should I just live with him instead of Won Seok?
You don't even mean that.
You bought these bras for Won Seok.
Yes, I did. These are for Won Seok.
I'm going to wear these tonight.
Please.
And I'm not going to let him touch me at all.
What?
I'll be in touch after I get more information.
Yes, thank you for everything.
And I've never properly introduced myself.
This is my business card.
I'm also a CEO of a startup company.
It's called "Get Up". It's an alarm application.
- "Get Up". - "Get Up".
Are you talking about the alarm application that wakes each other...
- between friends? - Yes, that's right.
Oh, you're the developer of "Get Up".
The one we all used the day before yesterday?
- Have you tried my application? - Yes, of course.
We were all amazed by the application after using it.
Really?
We all wanted to ask the developer a question...
if we got to meet him.
Yes, what is it? Ask away.
Why did you...
make that application?
Pardon?
Oh, that's because... As you've used it, you'd know that...
the users often don't hear the alarm and fall back asleep.
Then the alarm goes to the user's friend instead.
Then the friend calls the user and wakes him or her up.
Don't we just need to set multiple alarms...
in different time?
That could work. That's also a way.
But our application's motto is connection between people.
It's not just an ordinary alarm.
It's a social media alarm.
Couples or students who study together...
can take care of each others' mornings...
and make their relationships better.
But does that make money?
How much do you make per month?
Well...
It doesn't...
make any money.
Shim Won Seok.
You better learn how grave a sin it was to reject the marriage.
You love see-through underwear. Let's see how long you can hold.
Are you home?
What's wrong?
Hey, Won Seok.
Let me see your face. What's wrong?
Ho Rang.
What? They asked why you made that application?
What do they mean? You made it to make money.
What gibberish is that?
Ho Rang.
I...
never imagined my application being treated that way.
There are so many weird applications in this world.
There's a hand warmer application.
And there's an app to show off your wealth.
And there's even an app that helps scratch your back with vibration.
What's wrong with mine?
That's right. There's nothing wrong with "Get Up".
Are they looking down on yours because they're number one seller...
and yours is in the 257th place?
I never thought Se Hee would be like that. He's ridiculous.
He rolled around the ground to not pay for the rearview mirror.
What? He did?
This belongs here, and that belongs there.
Oh, right.
How many times do I have to tell you? You even broke them earlier.
That's because the customer...
If a customer drops his or her cup, the server must go and catch it.
- Isn't that right? - What?
I'll keep today's incident secret.
You owe me. You better pay back.
Hey.
(Landlord)
Someone's calling you.
Oh, just a second.
Hello? What's going on?
Well...
I called to ask what time you're going home today.
I think I'm going home at the regular time.
Why do you ask?
It's...
because Arsenal has a derby match today.
Okay.
So you called because of that?
I just wanted to let you know.
Okay. Thank you.
And also,
are you going home by bus today?
Yes, I think I am.
Why do you ask that?
Why do you keep asking...
if I'm going home by bus?
Well, that's...
because...
I think it'd be better to take bus.
I mean, it's more efficient to take the bus,
and it's also safer.
I mean...
The bus stops right in front of our place...
without going elsewhere.
Do I sound weird right now?
Yes.
Okay.
What about Kitty?
Did you go pick her up?
No, I'm thinking of going later.
Is Kitty...
going home by taxi like earlier?
Yes, since it's the rush hour,
Kitty will be uneasy when there are many people on the bus.
Okay.
I'll see you when the match starts.
What was that?
Kitty gets to ride a taxi,
and he calls me up to tell me to go home by bus?
What has gotten into him?
You have to pick up your cat by 7pm today.
Can't you try harder?
What's the point of practicing?
I watched a video too.
Oh, gosh. I don't think I can do it.
That's why you can't succeed.
Se Hee, can you solve this for us?
Oh, right. You're good at this.
You even set a new record last time.
- Go, Se Hee. - Show us.
- All right! - I can't do it. How does it work?
Why do you always leave first?
Get on.
It's okay.
Why? Did your husband tell you to go by bus?
What?
I overheard it earlier.
Don't you know I can hear everything through the window?
You're dumb.
I see.
You go first. I'll take the bus today.
You listen to your husband so well.
He doesn't even come pick you up.
It's not even that far. It's just one station away from his workplace.
How come he never comes to pick you up?
He's really busy. That's why.
Why? Because he's picking up his cat?
So to him, you're in a lower priority than his cat.
Get on. Let's go grab beer.
You owe me, remember?
Shall we go grab beer than?
(Taxi)
Please go to the veterinary clinic in front of Chungguk Station.
Really?
He rolled on the ground because he was avoiding the rearview mirror?
He's unbelievable.
Just like Sang Goo said, he only knows his cat and the loans.
What do you mean?
His colleagues say that he only thinks about his cat...
and the loans he took out.
The only thing he cares about is his loans,
and the mere emotion he has goes to his cat.
He never takes taxi because he has to pay back the loan,
but he pays for taxi, surgery,
and buys the most expensive cat food for the cat.
He's really weird.
I know.
The people who work in this field are all weird,
but he's the weirdest one.
He even has new records.
Records? What kind of records?
Cube puzzle.
He went on a cube puzzle competition and set a new record.
A cube puzzle?
Oh, you mean the kids' toy that the kids downstairs play with?
Doesn't that take only a few twists?
What? Ho Rang!
Yes, Bo Mi.
Se Hee, I asked my uncle who works as a policeman.
You know, the case where a man locked up a woman.
Yes, keep talking.
They haven't figured out who the suspect is,
and there was just one piece of evidence at the scene.
What was it called?
You know the ones you use to fasten bolts.
- Is it called a spinner? - You mean a spanner?
Oh, yes. That one. A spanner.
The culprit left it at the scene and fled.
I guess he used that as a weapon.
Look here. Even if it seems easy, you have to calculate the moves.
There are over 4 zillion possible moves in it.
That's a less chance than winning lottery every day within two weeks.
Where did you get that?
- Is it from the downstairs? - Yes, I traded it with the squid.
Be quiet. That's not what's important.
You can't solve it if you just twist however you want.
You can never solve it if you don't pay attention to it.
You have to remember the equation in your head...
and twist it one by one as if you're trying to find clues.
You twist the blocks. This is the important part. Listen.
Shut it! Stop that. We were just talking about Se Hee.
You're talking about that cube puzzle for 30 minutes.
What do I hate the most?
Talking about games, equations,
and game equations.
I've told you this for seven years, and you never seem to know it.
I'll never meet an engineering student again.
Why? Do you think I'm dangerous?
You're signature changed.
Remember the case where a girl was locked up?
I think the pattern is similar to this case.
He was upset that he got blocked, so he kept stalking her.
He kidnapped her with the address he got on the SNS.
Oh, yes. That one. A spanner.
I guess he used that as a weapon.
I can fix a woman's heart.
I have to get what I want to have.
Sir.
Arsenal has a derby match...
today.
This is nice.
Why did you get married to your husband?
What?
There must be a reason you married him.
What did you like about him?
He's very thrifty.
He's also good at leading his life.
You saw how he behaved with the rearview mirror.
Is that all? That's why you married him?
He has a decent job.
He even has his own place.
Is that why you saved him as "Landlord" on your phone?
This is nice.
Why did you get married to your husband?
What?
There must be a reason you married him.
What did you like about him?
He's very thrifty.
He's also good at leading his life.
You saw how he behaved with the rearview mirror.
Is that all? That's why you married him?
He has a decent job.
He even has his own place.
Is that why you saved him as "Landlord" on your phone?
I saw it on your phone...
when he called you.
It's like a nickname. Sort of.
You mean he's not the actual landlord?
He is.
But I'm also paying for it.
I'm doing a part-time job and recycling.
I take care of the cat.
And I sometimes make breakfast for him.
That's quite rare actually.
That's boring.
I thought people get married for other reasons.
I thought it'd be something like love or destiny.
Marriage seems like nothing.
It's like a part-time job.
A trade between labor and capital.
Are you very upset?
Don't worry about it. It's not even the first time.
I'm sorry. I just couldn't resist it.
Don't kneel down like that. I hate looking at it.
Okay.
This is not the only reason I'm upset at the moment.
Why did you go to someone else's office and get beaten?
They are ridiculous.
Why do they care so much about what others make?
Ho Rang.
Why do you want to marry me?
- What? - My work is not getting...
any investment and I've been spending three years like this.
I don't have money, car, or house.
I have nothing.
Why do you want to marry me?
What are you talking about? I want it because it's you.
Do you want it because it's me?
Yes, because it's you, Won Seok.
Do I need more reasons?
Because it's him.
I married him because it's him.
I'm not going to say...
his job and his house didn't play a part.
If it was someone else,
I wouldn't have married that person, even with the same conditions.
So please don't say that.
I know marriage is not something amazing.
But it doesn't mean it's nothing that some strangers...
can look down on.
So I'm a stranger...
to you.
So...
do you think your husband will come save you if anything happens now?
- What? - I mean,
even if you think that way,
he is busy taking care of his cat and telling you to take the bus.
He doesn't care about you.
Bok Nam.
Why are you dissing him so much?
Why are you not answering my questions?
I guess you are not sure if your husband will come get you or not.
No, I'm not sure about that.
Are you satisfied now?
Why did you marry a fake husband?
What?
I'm done with my beer.
Do you want another one?
What did you just say?
Why are you surprised so much?
Do you think I didn't know that?
I'm interested in you more than you think.
I'm not a stranger.
Let's go watch soccer.
What are you doing now?
Let go.
What if I don't? Are you going to punch me?
No, I don't punch people.
That will cost me too much.
I found out...
your motorcycle's an expensive one.
I will pay back until the year 2048 while paying back for my house.
My bike!
Come on.
Let's go to our home.
We can't understand each other...
if we don't try.
Even though the world is like this...
Still,
love exists.
(Because This is My First Life)
You are home. Why did you call me then?
Because you are someone I can trust. That's why I did it.
Do you think he knows about our contract?
Why did you save my name as the landlord in your phone?
You didn't tell me this, but I guess he's pretty devoted, right?
Call me your hubby in front of others.
Why are you looking at me like that?
How did you know that?
Come to your senses!
Why is he doing that?
Look at your fingernails! It's so dirty.
Take a look at it again! It's not dirty at all.
Would you marry me?
There's someone I like. It's my husband.